readme.md, before:

# Awesome Static Website Services [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

> A curated list of services for static websites.

Inspired by the [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list thing.

<h1 align="center"><a href="https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-static-website-services/issues/65">Looking for new maintainers</a></h1>

## Table of Contents

- [Audio](#audio)
- [Books](#books)
- [Calendar and Scheduling](#calendar-and-scheduling)
- [Images](#images)
- [Maps](#maps)
- [Presentations](#presentations)
- [Video](#video)
- [Code](#code)
- [Functions as a Service FaaS](#functions-as-a-service)
- [Community](#community)
  - [Comments](#comments)
  - [Forms](#forms)
  - [Live Chat](#live-chat)
  - [Newsletters](#newsletters)
  - [Social Media](#social-media)
  - [Surveys](#surveys)
- [E-Commerce](#e-commerce)
- [Payments](#payments)
- [Search](#search)
- [Analytics](#analytics)
- [Other](#other)
- [Related Lists](#related-lists)

---

## Audio

- [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/) - Audio hosting with an embeddable player. Up to 3 hours of content is free.
- [Mixcloud](https://www.mixcloud.com/) - Audio hosting with unlimited uploads and an embeddable player.
- [Spotify](https://www.spotify.com/) - You can embed any song, album, or playlist with a [Spotify Play Button](https://developer.spotify.com/technologies/widgets/spotify-play-button/).

## Books

- [Google Books](https://github.com/aharris88/google-bookshelves-widget) - Allows you to display the books in your Google Books Library.
- [Goodreads API and widgets](https://www.goodreads.com/api) - Allows you to access any of the Goodreads data. Widgets are found on the widgets tab on your [settings page](https://www.goodreads.com/user/edit).

## Calendar and Scheduling

- [Google Calendar](http://calendar.google.com/) - Embeddable calendar that you can collaborate with other people.
- [Booking.js](http://booking.timekit.io/) - Beautiful embeddable booking widget.
- [zenplanner](http://zenplanner.com/) - Paid - Online scheduling for fitness.

## Images

- [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/) - Online photo hosting by Yahoo.

## Maps

- [Google Maps](http://maps.google.com/) - Google maps are easily embeddable.
- [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/) - Really nice looking embeddable maps.

## Presentations

- [Prezi](https://prezi.com/) - Online presentations with really transitions that can zoom and rotate.
- [Reveal.js](http://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/) - HTML presentation framework.
- [Slides.com](http://slides.com/) - A place for creating, presenting and sharing slide decks.
- [SpeakerDeck](https://speakerdeck.com/) - Upload your slides as a PDF, and get an online, shareable presentation.

## Video

- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/) - Embeddable videos with unlimited uploads.
- [Vimeo](https://vimeo.co/) - Paid - Embeddable videos with no ads.
- [Vevo](http://www.vevo.com/) - Embeddable music videos.
- [Wistia](http://wistia.com/) - Free plan has a limit of 25 videos.

### Code

- [Codepen](http://codepen.io/) - A playground of embeddable front-end code examples.
- [JS Bin](http://jsbin.com/) - Embeddable front-end code examples.
- [JSFiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/) - Embeddable front-end code examples.
- [highlight.js](https://highlightjs.org/) - Syntax highlighting for the web.

## Functions as a Service
- [1Backend](https://1backend.com) - Deploy your backend in seconds. Free tier included. Open source.
- [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/) - AWS Lambda lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. You pay only for the compute time you consume
- [Google Cloud Functions](https://cloud.google.com/functions/) - Create single-purpose, stand-alone functions that respond to Cloud events without the need to manage a server or runtime environment
- [Webtask by Auth0](https://webtask.io/) - Call code on the server with simple HTTP, easier to set up by far than Lambda or Google's
- [Azure Functions](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/functions/) - by Microsoft - same premise as Lambda on the Azure cloud
- [IronWorkers](https://www.iron.io/platform/ironworker/) - by Iron.io - Run code in a multilanguage containerized environment with unlimited scale and simple pricing
- [IronFunctions](http://open.iron.io/) - by Iron.io - IronFunctions is an open source serverless computing platform for any cloud - private, public, or hybrid.
- [OpenWhisk by IBM](https://console.ng.bluemix.net/openwhisk/) - part of their BlueMix hosting platform, and open source, ties into their Watson AI ecosystem nicely

## Community

### Comments

- [Staticman](https://github.com/eduardoboucas/staticman) - Staticman is a Node.js application that receives user-generated content and uploads it as data files to a GitHub repository. In practice, this allows you to have dynamic content (e.g. blog post comments) as part of a fully static website, as long as your site automatically deploys on every push to GitHub, as seen on GitHub Pages, Netlify and others.
- [Disqus](https://disqus.com/) - Easily embeddable comments with nested replies, multiple login methods, and email notifications.
- [Facebook Comments](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/comments) - Embeddable comments for your site by Facebook.
- [IntenseDebate Comments](http://www.intensedebate.com/) - Embeddable comments with nested replies, multiple login methods, and email notifications.
- [LiveFyre](http://web.livefyre.com/apps/comments/) - Real-time comments, SEO-optimized, stocked with social features, and beautiful on both desktop and mobile.
- [Redditjs Embed Widget](http://embed.redditjs.com/) - Embed Reddit comments on your site. If it hasn't been posted, it will show a link to encourage the user to submit.
- [Muut.com](https://muut.com/) - Embeddable comments, forum and private messaging. A lot of functionality, but really low footprint left on your website.

### Forms

#### Really Simple Forms

- [Formspree](http://formspree.io/) - Receive emails from a form on your static website.
- [elFormo](https://www.elformo.com/) - Simple form processing and response retrieval via email.
- [Flipmail](http://flipmail.co/) - Simple form processing and response retrieval via email.
- [MailThis](http://mailthis.to/) - Simple form submissions via email with optional attachments.
- [Simple Form](https://getsimpleform.com/) - Simple forms with optional file attachments, email notifications, and online submission viewing.
- [Brisk Forms](https://github.com/stevensona/briskforms) - Free form submission service emails you responses while keeping your email address private and is open source.
- [99 Inbound](https://www.99inbound.com) - Form endpoint service with email/Slack notifications and third party app integrations (e.g. MailChimp)

#### Normal Forms

- [Google Forms](https://www.google.com/forms/about/) - Saves results into Google Sheets and can email you when there is a submission.
- [FormKeep](https://formkeep.com/) - Paid - View form submissions in a beautiful web interface. It has spam filtering and it integrates with webhooks such as Gmail, Trello, and Basecamp.
- [123 Contact Form](http://www.123contactform.com/) - Connects to other online services such at MailChimp, Salesforce, and Google Drive. It also integreates with payment Processers and includes security and analytics.
- [FormAssembly](http://www.formassembly.com/) - Allows you to build any kind of form that can include complex branching logic and multiple pages.
- [FormSite](https://www.formsite.com/) - Form buider, with payments, and form management.
- [FormStack](https://www.formstack.com/) - Forms with A/B testing, partial submission, analytics, and integrations.
- [Sheetsu](https://sheetsu.com/) - POST and GET your data to Google Spreadsheet.
- [Typeform](http://www.typeform.com/) - Awesome forms that can be embedded.
- [Wufoo](http://www.wufoo.com/) - Free or Paid - Forms that you can build with a form designer, with notifications, reports, and payments.
- [Zoho](https://www.zoho.com/crm/help/web-forms/set-up-web-forms.html) - Forms with file upload and captcha.
- [GitHub Issues](https://help.github.com/articles/about-issues/) - This is an interesting way for developers to get comments/questions. See [github.com/sindresorhus/ama](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ama) for an example.
- [Utterences](https://github.com/utterance/utterances) - A lightweight comments widget built on GitHub issues.
- [FormBackend](https://www.formbackend.com) - Create form-backends and submit your HTML forms to our backend. View the entries online and connect to other services. Receive an email every time a new entry is submitted.
- [Pageclip](https://pageclip.co) - A flexible server / backend for HTML forms. View your data in the realtime web interface, or use the API to get CSV and JSON output.
- [Formester](https://www.formester.com) - Forms and email marketing (lead collection, email campaigns, and newsletters) with integrations.

#### Provided by the Host

- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/docs/form-handling/) - Netlify comes with built-in form handling.

### Live Chat

- [jivochat](https://www.jivochat.com/) - JivoSite is a professional live chat for websites that was specifically designed to increase your online sales.
- [LiveChat](https://www.livechatinc.com/) - Live chat on your website.
- [Olark](https://www.olark.com/) - Live chat on your website. You can also see who's on your website and what they're doing.
- [SnapEngage](https://snapengage.com/) - Live chat with integrations and custom styles.
- [tawk.co](https://www.tawk.to/) - Lets you monitor and chat with visitors on your website.
- [WebsiteAlive](https://www.websitealive.com/) - Live chat for your website & social networks.
- [Zopim](https://www.zopim.com/) - Live chat with free trial.

### Newsletters

- [MailChimp](http://mailchimp.com/) - Free email marketing. You can pay to add more features.
- [Constant Contact](http://www.constantcontact.com/) - Email marketing with campaigns, autoresponders, and analytics.
- [AWeber](http://www.aweber.com/) - Email marketing with campaigns, autoresponders, and analytics.
- [Campaign Monitor](https://www.campaignmonitor.com/) - Email marketing with campaigns, autoresponders, and analytics.
- [MailerLite](https://www.mailerlite.com/) - Free email marketing. You can pay for more subscribers.

### Social Media

- [Google+](https://developers.google.com/+/web/embedded-post/) - Google+ embedded post.
- [Pinterest](https://developers.pinterest.com/) - Pin It Button.
- [Twitter](https://dev.twitter.com/web/embedded-tweets) - Embedded tweets.
- [Facebook](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins) - Facebook embedded plugins.
- [ShareThis](http://www.sharethis.com/) - Sharing buttons for multiple social networks.
- [Kontaktify](https://www.kontaktify.com/) - A contact widget that provides an easy way for visitors to get in touch.

### Surveys

- [Google Forms](https://www.google.co.nz/forms/about/) - You can use Google forms for surveys or for forms on your site.
- [SurveyMonkey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/) - Easy to use and free surveys.
- [Typeform](http://www.typeform.com/) - Really beautiful forms.
- [Qualaroo](https://qualaroo.com/) - Embed surveys anywhere on your website that comes up from the bottom right side of the screen.

## E-Commerce

- [Ecwid](https://www.ecwid.com/) - Embeddable shopping cart.
- [FoxyCart](http://www.foxycart.com/) - Add a shopping cart with basic html code.
- [SnipCart](https://snipcart.com/) - Include a few lines of code for a full online shop.
- [Gumroad](https://gumroad.com/) - An all-in-one solution to sell your work.
- [Moltin](https://moltin.com/) - Add eCommerce functionality to anything.

## Payments
 - [MoneyButton](https://www.moneybutton.com/) - Website payments and donations using Bitcoin Cash.
 - [ShapeShift Shifty Button](https://info.shapeshift.io/tools/shifty-button) - Accept payments using various cryptocurrencies.

## Search

- [lunr.js](http://lunrjs.com/) - Simple full-text search in your browser.
- [Google Custom Search Engine](https://cse.google.com/cse/) - Search your site with a custom Google Search.
- [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/) - Hosted Search API that delivers instant and relevant results from the first keystroke.

## Analytics

- [Google Analytics](http://www.google.com/analytics/) - Freemium web analytics service offered by Google.
- [Simple Analytics](https://simpleanalytics.io/) - 💲 - Simple, clean, and friendly analytics.

## Other

- [Sketch Fab](https://sketchfab.com/) - Embeddable 3D content.

## Related Lists

- [Awesome Static Hosting](https://github.com/b-long/awesome-static-hosting)

----

## License

[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Adam Garrett-Harris](https://twitter.com/agarrharr) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

Add CloudSh to Search section
CloudSh is built for static sites. Added it to the Search section.

readme.md, after:

# Awesome Static Website Services [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

> A curated list of services for static websites.

Inspired by the [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list thing.

<h1 align="center"><a href="https://github.com/agarrharr/awesome-static-website-services/issues/65">Looking for new maintainers</a></h1>

## Table of Contents

- [Audio](#audio)
- [Books](#books)
- [Calendar and Scheduling](#calendar-and-scheduling)
- [Images](#images)
- [Maps](#maps)
- [Presentations](#presentations)
- [Video](#video)
- [Code](#code)
- [Functions as a Service FaaS](#functions-as-a-service)
- [Community](#community)
  - [Comments](#comments)
  - [Forms](#forms)
  - [Live Chat](#live-chat)
  - [Newsletters](#newsletters)
  - [Social Media](#social-media)
  - [Surveys](#surveys)
- [E-Commerce](#e-commerce)
- [Payments](#payments)
- [Search](#search)
- [Analytics](#analytics)
- [Other](#other)
- [Related Lists](#related-lists)

---

## Audio

- [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/) - Audio hosting with an embeddable player. Up to 3 hours of content is free.
- [Mixcloud](https://www.mixcloud.com/) - Audio hosting with unlimited uploads and an embeddable player.
- [Spotify](https://www.spotify.com/) - You can embed any song, album, or playlist with a [Spotify Play Button](https://developer.spotify.com/technologies/widgets/spotify-play-button/).

## Books

- [Google Books](https://github.com/aharris88/google-bookshelves-widget) - Allows you to display the books in your Google Books Library.
- [Goodreads API and widgets](https://www.goodreads.com/api) - Allows you to access any of the Goodreads data. Widgets are found on the widgets tab on your [settings page](https://www.goodreads.com/user/edit).

## Calendar and Scheduling

- [Google Calendar](http://calendar.google.com/) - Embeddable calendar that you can collaborate with other people.
- [Booking.js](http://booking.timekit.io/) - Beautiful embeddable booking widget.
- [zenplanner](http://zenplanner.com/) - Paid - Online scheduling for fitness.

## Images

- [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/) - Online photo hosting by Yahoo.

## Maps

- [Google Maps](http://maps.google.com/) - Google maps are easily embeddable.
- [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/) - Really nice looking embeddable maps.

## Presentations

- [Prezi](https://prezi.com/) - Online presentations with really transitions that can zoom and rotate.
- [Reveal.js](http://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/) - HTML presentation framework.
- [Slides.com](http://slides.com/) - A place for creating, presenting and sharing slide decks.
- [SpeakerDeck](https://speakerdeck.com/) - Upload your slides as a PDF, and get an online, shareable presentation.

## Video

- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/) - Embeddable videos with unlimited uploads.
- [Vimeo](https://vimeo.co/) - Paid - Embeddable videos with no ads.
- [Vevo](http://www.vevo.com/) - Embeddable music videos.
- [Wistia](http://wistia.com/) - Free plan has a limit of 25 videos.

### Code

- [Codepen](http://codepen.io/) - A playground of embeddable front-end code examples.
- [JS Bin](http://jsbin.com/) - Embeddable front-end code examples.
- [JSFiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/) - Embeddable front-end code examples.
- [highlight.js](https://highlightjs.org/) - Syntax highlighting for the web.

## Functions as a Service
- [1Backend](https://1backend.com) - Deploy your backend in seconds. Free tier included. Open source.
- [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/) - AWS Lambda lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. You pay only for the compute time you consume
- [Google Cloud Functions](https://cloud.google.com/functions/) - Create single-purpose, stand-alone functions that respond to Cloud events without the need to manage a server or runtime environment
- [Webtask by Auth0](https://webtask.io/) - Call code on the server with simple HTTP, easier to set up by far than Lambda or Google's
- [Azure Functions](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/functions/) - by Microsoft - same premise as Lambda on the Azure cloud
- [IronWorkers](https://www.iron.io/platform/ironworker/) - by Iron.io - Run code in a multilanguage containerized environment with unlimited scale and simple pricing
- [IronFunctions](http://open.iron.io/) - by Iron.io - IronFunctions is an open source serverless computing platform for any cloud - private, public, or hybrid.
- [OpenWhisk by IBM](https://console.ng.bluemix.net/openwhisk/) - part of their BlueMix hosting platform, and open source, ties into their Watson AI ecosystem nicely

## Community

### Comments

- [Staticman](https://github.com/eduardoboucas/staticman) - Staticman is a Node.js application that receives user-generated content and uploads it as data files to a GitHub repository. In practice, this allows you to have dynamic content (e.g. blog post comments) as part of a fully static website, as long as your site automatically deploys on every push to GitHub, as seen on GitHub Pages, Netlify and others.
- [Disqus](https://disqus.com/) - Easily embeddable comments with nested replies, multiple login methods, and email notifications.
- [Facebook Comments](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/comments) - Embeddable comments for your site by Facebook.
- [IntenseDebate Comments](http://www.intensedebate.com/) - Embeddable comments with nested replies, multiple login methods, and email notifications.
- [LiveFyre](http://web.livefyre.com/apps/comments/) - Real-time comments, SEO-optimized, stocked with social features, and beautiful on both desktop and mobile.
- [Redditjs Embed Widget](http://embed.redditjs.com/) - Embed Reddit comments on your site. If it hasn't been posted, it will show a link to encourage the user to submit.
- [Muut.com](https://muut.com/) - Embeddable comments, forum and private messaging. A lot of functionality, but really low footprint left on your website.

### Forms

#### Really Simple Forms

- [Formspree](http://formspree.io/) - Receive emails from a form on your static website.
- [elFormo](https://www.elformo.com/) - Simple form processing and response retrieval via email.
- [Flipmail](http://flipmail.co/) - Simple form processing and response retrieval via email.
- [MailThis](http://mailthis.to/) - Simple form submissions via email with optional attachments.
- [Simple Form](https://getsimpleform.com/) - Simple forms with optional file attachments, email notifications, and online submission viewing.
- [Brisk Forms](https://github.com/stevensona/briskforms) - Free form submission service emails you responses while keeping your email address private and is open source.
- [99 Inbound](https://www.99inbound.com) - Form endpoint service with email/Slack notifications and third party app integrations (e.g. MailChimp)

#### Normal Forms

- [Google Forms](https://www.google.com/forms/about/) - Saves results into Google Sheets and can email you when there is a submission.
- [FormKeep](https://formkeep.com/) - Paid - View form submissions in a beautiful web interface. It has spam filtering and it integrates with webhooks such as Gmail, Trello, and Basecamp.
- [123 Contact Form](http://www.123contactform.com/) - Connects to other online services such at MailChimp, Salesforce, and Google Drive. It also integreates with payment Processers and includes security and analytics.
- [FormAssembly](http://www.formassembly.com/) - Allows you to build any kind of form that can include complex branching logic and multiple pages.
- [FormSite](https://www.formsite.com/) - Form buider, with payments, and form management.
- [FormStack](https://www.formstack.com/) - Forms with A/B testing, partial submission, analytics, and integrations.
- [Sheetsu](https://sheetsu.com/) - POST and GET your data to Google Spreadsheet.
- [Typeform](http://www.typeform.com/) - Awesome forms that can be embedded.
- [Wufoo](http://www.wufoo.com/) - Free or Paid - Forms that you can build with a form designer, with notifications, reports, and payments.
- [Zoho](https://www.zoho.com/crm/help/web-forms/set-up-web-forms.html) - Forms with file upload and captcha.
- [GitHub Issues](https://help.github.com/articles/about-issues/) - This is an interesting way for developers to get comments/questions. See [github.com/sindresorhus/ama](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ama) for an example.
- [Utterences](https://github.com/utterance/utterances) - A lightweight comments widget built on GitHub issues.
- [FormBackend](https://www.formbackend.com) - Create form-backends and submit your HTML forms to our backend. View the entries online and connect to other services. Receive an email every time a new entry is submitted.
- [Pageclip](https://pageclip.co) - A flexible server / backend for HTML forms. View your data in the realtime web interface, or use the API to get CSV and JSON output.
- [Formester](https://www.formester.com) - Forms and email marketing (lead collection, email campaigns, and newsletters) with integrations.

#### Provided by the Host

- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/docs/form-handling/) - Netlify comes with built-in form handling.

### Live Chat

- [jivochat](https://www.jivochat.com/) - JivoSite is a professional live chat for websites that was specifically designed to increase your online sales.
- [LiveChat](https://www.livechatinc.com/) - Live chat on your website.
- [Olark](https://www.olark.com/) - Live chat on your website. You can also see who's on your website and what they're doing.
- [SnapEngage](https://snapengage.com/) - Live chat with integrations and custom styles.
- [tawk.co](https://www.tawk.to/) - Lets you monitor and chat with visitors on your website.
- [WebsiteAlive](https://www.websitealive.com/) - Live chat for your website & social networks.
- [Zopim](https://www.zopim.com/) - Live chat with free trial.

### Newsletters

- [MailChimp](http://mailchimp.com/) - Free email marketing. You can pay to add more features.
- [Constant Contact](http://www.constantcontact.com/) - Email marketing with campaigns, autoresponders, and analytics.
- [AWeber](http://www.aweber.com/) - Email marketing with campaigns, autoresponders, and analytics.
- [Campaign Monitor](https://www.campaignmonitor.com/) - Email marketing with campaigns, autoresponders, and analytics.
- [MailerLite](https://www.mailerlite.com/) - Free email marketing. You can pay for more subscribers.

### Social Media

- [Google+](https://developers.google.com/+/web/embedded-post/) - Google+ embedded post.
- [Pinterest](https://developers.pinterest.com/) - Pin It Button.
- [Twitter](https://dev.twitter.com/web/embedded-tweets) - Embedded tweets.
- [Facebook](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins) - Facebook embedded plugins.
- [ShareThis](http://www.sharethis.com/) - Sharing buttons for multiple social networks.
- [Kontaktify](https://www.kontaktify.com/) - A contact widget that provides an easy way for visitors to get in touch.

### Surveys

- [Google Forms](https://www.google.co.nz/forms/about/) - You can use Google forms for surveys or for forms on your site.
- [SurveyMonkey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/) - Easy to use and free surveys.
- [Typeform](http://www.typeform.com/) - Really beautiful forms.
- [Qualaroo](https://qualaroo.com/) - Embed surveys anywhere on your website that comes up from the bottom right side of the screen.

## E-Commerce

- [Ecwid](https://www.ecwid.com/) - Embeddable shopping cart.
- [FoxyCart](http://www.foxycart.com/) - Add a shopping cart with basic html code.
- [SnipCart](https://snipcart.com/) - Include a few lines of code for a full online shop.
- [Gumroad](https://gumroad.com/) - An all-in-one solution to sell your work.
- [Moltin](https://moltin.com/) - Add eCommerce functionality to anything.

## Payments
 - [MoneyButton](https://www.moneybutton.com/) - Website payments and donations using Bitcoin Cash.
 - [ShapeShift Shifty Button](https://info.shapeshift.io/tools/shifty-button) - Accept payments using various cryptocurrencies.

## Search

- [lunr.js](http://lunrjs.com/) - Simple full-text search in your browser.
- [Google Custom Search Engine](https://cse.google.com/cse/) - Search your site with a custom Google Search.
- [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/) - Hosted Search API that delivers instant and relevant results from the first keystroke.
- [CloudSh](https://cloudsh.com/) - Powerful search for your website with a few lines of JavaScript.

## Analytics

- [Google Analytics](http://www.google.com/analytics/) - Freemium web analytics service offered by Google.
- [Simple Analytics](https://simpleanalytics.io/) - 💲 - Simple, clean, and friendly analytics.

## Other

- [Sketch Fab](https://sketchfab.com/) - Embeddable 3D content.

## Related Lists

- [Awesome Static Hosting](https://github.com/b-long/awesome-static-hosting)

----

## License

[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Adam Garrett-Harris](https://twitter.com/agarrharr) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
