README.md, before:

# Awesome Static Website Services [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

> A curated list of services for static websites.

Inspired by the [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list thing.

## Table of Contents

- [Editors](#editors)
  - [Online Editors](#online-editors)
  - [Android Editors](#android-editors)
  - [Markdown Editors](#markdown-editors)
- [Command Line Tools](#command-line-tools)
- [Themes](#themes)
  - [Jekyll Themes](#jekyll-themes)
- [Static Site Generators](#static-site-generators)
- [Embeddable Content](#embeddable-content)
  - [Audio](#audio)
  - [Books](#books)
  - [Calendar and Scheduling](#calendar-and-scheduling)
  - [Images](#images)
  - [Maps](#maps)
  - [Presentations](#presentations)
  - [Video](#video)
  - [Other Embeddable Content](#other-embeddable-content)
- [Code](#code)
- [Community](#community)
  - [Comments](#comments)
  - [Forms](#forms)
  - [Live Chat](#live-chat)
  - [Newsletters](#newsletters)
  - [Social Media](#social-media)
  - [Surveys](#surveys)
- [Static Hosting](#static-hosting)
  - [Hosting Tools](#hosting-tools)
- [E-Commerce](#e-commerce)
- [Search](#search)
- [Analytics](#analytics)

---

## Editors

### Online Editors

- [Prose](https://github.com/prose/prose) - A beautifully simple content authoring environment for static websites.
- [Content Editor](https://github.com/mushishi78/content-editor)- A web interface for editing documents on GitHub.
- [cloudcannon](http://cloudcannon.com/) - Free for 1 user, $9/month for 5 users. Hosting for static websites where developers can set it up so that non-developers can edit the site.
- [potion](https://github.com/captn3m0/potion) - A github-pages compatible editor for Jekyll blogs.
- [jekyll-post-via-web](https://github.com/vrypan/jekyll-post-via-web) - Html page that allows you to post new articles to your Github hosted site.
- [Github's Online Interface](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flow-in-the-browser/) - You can just edit your site in Github's online interface if your site's code is hosted on Github.
- [Siteleaf](http://www.siteleaf.com/)- Online editor content manager that allows you to publish anywhere, including Github Pages, and it has Jekyll support.

### Android Editors

- [MrHyde](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.faudroids.mrhyde) - Allows you to write and edit posts on Github.

### Markdown Editors

- [Mou](http://25.io/mou/) - Markdown editor for developers.
- [Markdown Plus](https://tylingsoft.com/mdp) - A markdown editor with extra features.
- [Ulysses](http://ulyssesapp.com/) - A markdown editor for OS X and iPad.

## Command Line Tools

- [drjekyll](https://github.com/drjekyllthemes/drjekyll) - The missing static site theme package manager.
- [Gynn](https://github.com/dmathieu/glynn) - Generate your Jekyll blog files and sends them through FTP.
- [(JBH) Jekyll Blog Helper](https://github.com/AlanBarber/jbh) - A shell script to help manage a Jekyll blog site.
- [mrhyde](https://github.com/mrhydescripts/mrhyde) - Static site quick starter script wizard.

## Themes

### Jekyll Themes

- [JekyllThemes.org](http://jekyllthemes.org/) - Website showcasing Jekyll themes.
- [Jekyll Wiki Themes](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll/wiki/Themes)- List of themes on the Jekyll wiki.
- [JekyllThemes.io](http://jekyllthemes.io/) - Premium and Free Jekyll Themes.

## Static Site Generators

- [StaticGen](http://www.staticgen.com/)- Website showing static site generators and a lot of info about them.

## Embeddable Content

### Audio

- [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/) - Audio hosting with an embeddable player. Up to 3 hours of content is free.
- [Mixcloud](https://www.mixcloud.com/) - Audio hosting with unlimited uploads and an embeddable player.
- [Spotify](https://www.spotify.com/)- You can embed any song, album, or playlist with a [Spotify Play Button](https://developer.spotify.com/technologies/widgets/spotify-play-button/).

### Books

- [Google Books](https://github.com/aharris88/google-bookshelves-widget) - Allows you to display the books in your Google Books Library.
- [Goodreads API and widgets](https://www.goodreads.com/api) - Allows you to access any of the Goodreads data. Widgets are found on the widgets tab on your [settings page](https://www.goodreads.com/user/edit).

### Calendar and Scheduling

- [Google Calendar](http://calendar.google.com/) - Embeddable calendar that you can collaborate with other people.
- [Booking.js](http://booking.timekit.io/) - Beautiful embeddable booking widget.
- [zenplanner](http://zenplanner.com/) - Paid - Online scheduling for fitness.

### Images

- [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/) - Online photo hosting by Yahoo.
- [imgur](http://imgur.com/) - Online photo hosting.

### Maps

- [Google Maps](http://maps.google.com/) - Google maps are easily embeddable.
- [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/) - Really nice looking embeddable maps.

### Presentations

- [Prezi](https://prezi.com/) - Online presentations with really transitions that can zoom and rotate.
- [Reveal.js](http://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/) - HTML presentation framework.
- [Slides.com](http://slides.com/) - A place for creating, presenting and sharing slide decks.
- [SpeakerDeck](https://speakerdeck.com/) - Upload your slides as a PDF, and get an online, shareable presentation.

### Video

- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/) - Embeddable videos with unlimited uploads.
- [Vimeo](https://vimeo.co/) - Paid - Embeddable videos with no ads.
- [Vevo](http://www.vevo.com/) - Embeddable music videos.
- [Vine](https://vine.co/) - Embeddable vine videos.
- [Wistia](http://wistia.com/) - Free plan has a limit of 25 videos.

### Other Embeddable Content

- [Sketch Fab](https://sketchfab.com/) - Embeddable 3D content.

### Code

- [Codepen](http://codepen.io/) - A playground of embeddable front-end code examples.
- [JS Bin](http://jsbin.com/) - Embeddable front-end code examples.
- [JSFiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/) - Embeddable front-end code examples.

## Community

### Comments

- [Disqus](https://disqus.com/) - Easily embeddable comments with nested replies, multiple login methods, and email notifications.
- [Facebook Comments](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/comments) - Embeddable comments for your site by Facebook.
- [IntenseDebate Comments](http://www.intensedebate.com/) - Embeddable comments with nested replies, multiple login methods, and email notifications.
- [LiveFyre](http://web.livefyre.com/apps/comments/) - Real-time comments, SEO-optimized, stocked with social features, and beautiful on both desktop and mobile.
- [Redditjs Embed Widget](http://embed.redditjs.com/) - Embed Reddit comments on your site. If it hasn't been posted, it will show a link to encourage the user to submit.

### Forms

#### Really Simple Forms

- [Formspree](http://formspree.io/) - Receive emails from a form on your static website.
- [elFormo](https://www.elformo.com/) - Simple form processing and response retrieval via email.
- [Flipmail](http://flipmail.co/) - Simple form processing and response retrieval via email.
- [MailThis](http://mailthis.to/)- Simple form submissions via email with optional attachments.
- [Simple Form](https://getsimpleform.com/) - Simple forms with optional file attachments, email notifications, and online submission viewing.

#### Normal Forms

- [Google Forms](https://www.google.com/forms/about/)- Saves results into Google Sheets and can email you when there is a submission.
- [FormKeep](https://formkeep.com/) - Paid - View form submissions in a beautiful web interface. It has spam filtering and it integrates with webhooks such as Gmail, Trello, and Basecamp.
- [123 Contact Form](http://www.123contactform.com/) - Connects to other online services such at MailChimp, Salesforce, and Google Drive. It also integreates with payment Processers and includes security and analytics.
- [FormAssembly](http://www.formassembly.com/)
- [FormSite](https://www.formsite.com/) - Form buider, with payments, and form management.
- [FormStack](https://www.formstack.com/) - Forms with A/B testing, partial submission, analytics, and integrations.
- [Sheetsu](https://sheetsu.com/) - POST and GET your data to Google Spreadsheet.
- [Typeform](http://www.typeform.com/) - Awesome forms that can be embedded.
- [Wufoo](http://www.wufoo.com/) - Free or Paid - Forms that you can build with a form designer, with notifications, reports, and payments.
- [Zoho](https://www.zoho.com/crm/help/web-forms/set-up-web-forms.html) - Forms with file upload and captcha.
- [Github Issues](https://help.github.com/articles/about-issues/) - This is an interesting way for developers to get comments/questions. See [github.com/sindresorhus/ama](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ama) for an example.

### Live Chat

- [jivochat](https://www.jivochat.com/) - JivoSite is a professional live chat for websites that was specifically designed to increase your online sales.
- [LiveChat](https://www.livechatinc.com/) - Live chat on your website.
- [Olark](https://www.olark.com/) - Live chat on your website. You can also see who's on your website and what they're doing.
- [SnapEngage](https://snapengage.com/) - Live chat with integrations and custom styles.
- [tawk.co](https://www.tawk.to/) - Lets you monitor and chat with visitors on your website.
- [WebsiteAlive](https://www.websitealive.com/) - Live chat for your website & social networks.
- [Zopim](https://www.zopim.com/) - Live chat with free trial.

### Newsletters

- [MailChimp](http://mailchimp.com/) - Free email marketing. You can pay to add more features.
- [Constant Contact](http://www.constantcontact.com/) - starting at $29/month - Email marketing with campaigns, autoresponders, and analytics.
- [AWeber](http://www.aweber.com/) - starting at $29/month - Email marketing with campaigns, autoresponders, and analytics.
- [Campaign Monitor](https://www.campaignmonitor.com/) - starting at $9/month - Email marketing with campaigns, autoresponders, and analytics.
- [MailerLite](https://www.mailerlite.com/) - Free email marketing. You can pay for more subscribers.

### Social Media

- [Google+](https://developers.google.com/+/web/embedded-post/) - Google+ embedded post.
- [Pinterest](https://developers.pinterest.com/) - Pin It Button.
- [Twitter](https://dev.twitter.com/web/embedded-tweets) - Embedded tweets.
- [Facebook](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins) - Facebook embedded plugins.
- [ShareThis](http://www.sharethis.com/) - Sharing buttons for multiple social networks.
- [Storify](https://storify.com/) - Embed various social media in one place.

### Surveys

- [Google Forms](https://www.google.co.nz/forms/about/) - You can use Google forms for surveys or for forms on your site.
- [SurveyMonkey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/) - Easy to use and free surveys.
- [Typeform](http://www.typeform.com/) - Really beautiful forms.
- [Qualaroo](https://qualaroo.com/) - Embed surveys anywhere on your website that comes up from the bottom right side of the screen.

## Static Hosting

- [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) - Free hosting from Github.
- [Pancake](https://pancake.io/) - Simple and easy to use. Works with git or Dropbox.
- [paperplane.io](https://www.paperplane.io/) - $9/month - Really simple static hosting with Github or Dropbox.
- [cloudcannon](http://cloudcannon.com/) - starting at $25/month - Allows you to create static sites that are editable by non-developers.
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) - starting at $7.5/month - Premium hosting service for static websites.
- [Firebase Hosting](https://www.firebase.com/hosting.html) - starting at $5/month - Rapid deployment and a fast CDN.
- [surge](https://surge.sh/) - Free hosting with your custom domain and it has a nice command line tool that works with grunt, gulp, and npm.

### Hosting Tools

- [s3_website](https://github.com/laurilehmijoki/s3_website) - Manage an S3 website: sync, deliver via CloudFront, benefit from advanced S3 website features.

## E-Commerce

- [Ecwid](www.ecwid.com) - Embeddable shopping cart.
- [FoxyCart](http://www.foxycart.com/) - Add a shopping cart with basic html code.
- [SnipCart](https://snipcart.com/) - Include a few lines of code for a full online shop.

## Search

- [lunr.js](http://lunrjs.com/) - Simple full-text search in your browser.
- [Google Custom Search Engine](https://cse.google.com/cse/) - Search your site with a custom Google Search.

## Analytics

- [Google Analytics](http://www.google.com/analytics/) - Free website analytics.

## License

[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Adam Harris](https://twitter.com/adamCoder) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

Update README.md with Silex and Forge

README.md, after:

# Awesome Static Website Services [![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)

> A curated list of services for static websites.

Inspired by the [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list thing.

## Table of Contents

- [Editors](#editors)
  - [Online Editors](#online-editors)
  - [Android Editors](#android-editors)
  - [Markdown Editors](#markdown-editors)
- [Command Line Tools](#command-line-tools)
- [Themes](#themes)
  - [Jekyll Themes](#jekyll-themes)
- [Static Site Generators](#static-site-generators)
- [Embeddable Content](#embeddable-content)
  - [Audio](#audio)
  - [Books](#books)
  - [Calendar and Scheduling](#calendar-and-scheduling)
  - [Images](#images)
  - [Maps](#maps)
  - [Presentations](#presentations)
  - [Video](#video)
  - [Other Embeddable Content](#other-embeddable-content)
- [Code](#code)
- [Community](#community)
  - [Comments](#comments)
  - [Forms](#forms)
  - [Live Chat](#live-chat)
  - [Newsletters](#newsletters)
  - [Social Media](#social-media)
  - [Surveys](#surveys)
- [Static Hosting](#static-hosting)
  - [Hosting Tools](#hosting-tools)
- [E-Commerce](#e-commerce)
- [Search](#search)
- [Analytics](#analytics)

---

## Editors

### Online Editors

- [Prose](https://github.com/prose/prose) - A beautifully simple content authoring environment for static websites.
- [Content Editor](https://github.com/mushishi78/content-editor)- A web interface for editing documents on GitHub.
- [cloudcannon](http://cloudcannon.com/) - Free for 1 user, $9/month for 5 users. Hosting for static websites where developers can set it up so that non-developers can edit the site.
- [potion](https://github.com/captn3m0/potion) - A github-pages compatible editor for Jekyll blogs.
- [jekyll-post-via-web](https://github.com/vrypan/jekyll-post-via-web) - Html page that allows you to post new articles to your Github hosted site.
- [Github's Online Interface](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flow-in-the-browser/) - You can just edit your site in Github's online interface if your site's code is hosted on Github.
- [Siteleaf](http://www.siteleaf.com/) - Online editor content manager that allows you to publish anywhere, including Github Pages, and it has Jekyll support.
- [Silex website builder](http://www.silex.me/) - open source HTML editor which lets you create websites directly in the browser.

### Android Editors

- [MrHyde](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.faudroids.mrhyde) - Allows you to write and edit posts on Github.

### Markdown Editors

- [Mou](http://25.io/mou/) - Markdown editor for developers.
- [Markdown Plus](https://tylingsoft.com/mdp) - A markdown editor with extra features.
- [Ulysses](http://ulyssesapp.com/) - A markdown editor for OS X and iPad.

## Command Line Tools

- [drjekyll](https://github.com/drjekyllthemes/drjekyll) - The missing static site theme package manager.
- [Gynn](https://github.com/dmathieu/glynn) - Generate your Jekyll blog files and sends them through FTP.
- [(JBH) Jekyll Blog Helper](https://github.com/AlanBarber/jbh) - A shell script to help manage a Jekyll blog site.
- [mrhyde](https://github.com/mrhydescripts/mrhyde) - Static site quick starter script wizard.

## Themes

### Jekyll Themes

- [JekyllThemes.org](http://jekyllthemes.org/) - Website showcasing Jekyll themes.
- [Jekyll Wiki Themes](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll/wiki/Themes)- List of themes on the Jekyll wiki.
- [JekyllThemes.io](http://jekyllthemes.io/) - Premium and Free Jekyll Themes.

## Static Site Generators

- [StaticGen](http://www.staticgen.com/)- Website showing static site generators and a lot of info about them.

## Embeddable Content

### Audio

- [SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/) - Audio hosting with an embeddable player. Up to 3 hours of content is free.
- [Mixcloud](https://www.mixcloud.com/) - Audio hosting with unlimited uploads and an embeddable player.
- [Spotify](https://www.spotify.com/)- You can embed any song, album, or playlist with a [Spotify Play Button](https://developer.spotify.com/technologies/widgets/spotify-play-button/).

### Books

- [Google Books](https://github.com/aharris88/google-bookshelves-widget) - Allows you to display the books in your Google Books Library.
- [Goodreads API and widgets](https://www.goodreads.com/api) - Allows you to access any of the Goodreads data. Widgets are found on the widgets tab on your [settings page](https://www.goodreads.com/user/edit).

### Calendar and Scheduling

- [Google Calendar](http://calendar.google.com/) - Embeddable calendar that you can collaborate with other people.
- [Booking.js](http://booking.timekit.io/) - Beautiful embeddable booking widget.
- [zenplanner](http://zenplanner.com/) - Paid - Online scheduling for fitness.

### Images

- [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/) - Online photo hosting by Yahoo.
- [imgur](http://imgur.com/) - Online photo hosting.

### Maps

- [Google Maps](http://maps.google.com/) - Google maps are easily embeddable.
- [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/) - Really nice looking embeddable maps.

### Presentations

- [Prezi](https://prezi.com/) - Online presentations with really transitions that can zoom and rotate.
- [Reveal.js](http://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/) - HTML presentation framework.
- [Slides.com](http://slides.com/) - A place for creating, presenting and sharing slide decks.
- [SpeakerDeck](https://speakerdeck.com/) - Upload your slides as a PDF, and get an online, shareable presentation.

### Video

- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/) - Embeddable videos with unlimited uploads.
- [Vimeo](https://vimeo.co/) - Paid - Embeddable videos with no ads.
- [Vevo](http://www.vevo.com/) - Embeddable music videos.
- [Vine](https://vine.co/) - Embeddable vine videos.
- [Wistia](http://wistia.com/) - Free plan has a limit of 25 videos.

### Other Embeddable Content

- [Sketch Fab](https://sketchfab.com/) - Embeddable 3D content.

### Code

- [Codepen](http://codepen.io/) - A playground of embeddable front-end code examples.
- [JS Bin](http://jsbin.com/) - Embeddable front-end code examples.
- [JSFiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/) - Embeddable front-end code examples.

## Community

### Comments

- [Disqus](https://disqus.com/) - Easily embeddable comments with nested replies, multiple login methods, and email notifications.
- [Facebook Comments](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/comments) - Embeddable comments for your site by Facebook.
- [IntenseDebate Comments](http://www.intensedebate.com/) - Embeddable comments with nested replies, multiple login methods, and email notifications.
- [LiveFyre](http://web.livefyre.com/apps/comments/) - Real-time comments, SEO-optimized, stocked with social features, and beautiful on both desktop and mobile.
- [Redditjs Embed Widget](http://embed.redditjs.com/) - Embed Reddit comments on your site. If it hasn't been posted, it will show a link to encourage the user to submit.

### Forms

#### Really Simple Forms

- [Formspree](http://formspree.io/) - Receive emails from a form on your static website.
- [elFormo](https://www.elformo.com/) - Simple form processing and response retrieval via email.
- [Flipmail](http://flipmail.co/) - Simple form processing and response retrieval via email.
- [MailThis](http://mailthis.to/)- Simple form submissions via email with optional attachments.
- [Simple Form](https://getsimpleform.com/) - Simple forms with optional file attachments, email notifications, and online submission viewing.

#### Normal Forms

- [Google Forms](https://www.google.com/forms/about/)- Saves results into Google Sheets and can email you when there is a submission.
- [FormKeep](https://formkeep.com/) - Paid - View form submissions in a beautiful web interface. It has spam filtering and it integrates with webhooks such as Gmail, Trello, and Basecamp.
- [123 Contact Form](http://www.123contactform.com/) - Connects to other online services such at MailChimp, Salesforce, and Google Drive. It also integreates with payment Processers and includes security and analytics.
- [FormAssembly](http://www.formassembly.com/)
- [FormSite](https://www.formsite.com/) - Form buider, with payments, and form management.
- [FormStack](https://www.formstack.com/) - Forms with A/B testing, partial submission, analytics, and integrations.
- [Sheetsu](https://sheetsu.com/) - POST and GET your data to Google Spreadsheet.
- [Typeform](http://www.typeform.com/) - Awesome forms that can be embedded.
- [Wufoo](http://www.wufoo.com/) - Free or Paid - Forms that you can build with a form designer, with notifications, reports, and payments.
- [Zoho](https://www.zoho.com/crm/help/web-forms/set-up-web-forms.html) - Forms with file upload and captcha.
- [Github Issues](https://help.github.com/articles/about-issues/) - This is an interesting way for developers to get comments/questions. See [github.com/sindresorhus/ama](https://github.com/sindresorhus/ama) for an example.

### Live Chat

- [jivochat](https://www.jivochat.com/) - JivoSite is a professional live chat for websites that was specifically designed to increase your online sales.
- [LiveChat](https://www.livechatinc.com/) - Live chat on your website.
- [Olark](https://www.olark.com/) - Live chat on your website. You can also see who's on your website and what they're doing.
- [SnapEngage](https://snapengage.com/) - Live chat with integrations and custom styles.
- [tawk.co](https://www.tawk.to/) - Lets you monitor and chat with visitors on your website.
- [WebsiteAlive](https://www.websitealive.com/) - Live chat for your website & social networks.
- [Zopim](https://www.zopim.com/) - Live chat with free trial.

### Newsletters

- [MailChimp](http://mailchimp.com/) - Free email marketing. You can pay to add more features.
- [Constant Contact](http://www.constantcontact.com/) - starting at $29/month - Email marketing with campaigns, autoresponders, and analytics.
- [AWeber](http://www.aweber.com/) - starting at $29/month - Email marketing with campaigns, autoresponders, and analytics.
- [Campaign Monitor](https://www.campaignmonitor.com/) - starting at $9/month - Email marketing with campaigns, autoresponders, and analytics.
- [MailerLite](https://www.mailerlite.com/) - Free email marketing. You can pay for more subscribers.

### Social Media

- [Google+](https://developers.google.com/+/web/embedded-post/) - Google+ embedded post.
- [Pinterest](https://developers.pinterest.com/) - Pin It Button.
- [Twitter](https://dev.twitter.com/web/embedded-tweets) - Embedded tweets.
- [Facebook](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins) - Facebook embedded plugins.
- [ShareThis](http://www.sharethis.com/) - Sharing buttons for multiple social networks.
- [Storify](https://storify.com/) - Embed various social media in one place.

### Surveys

- [Google Forms](https://www.google.co.nz/forms/about/) - You can use Google forms for surveys or for forms on your site.
- [SurveyMonkey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/) - Easy to use and free surveys.
- [Typeform](http://www.typeform.com/) - Really beautiful forms.
- [Qualaroo](https://qualaroo.com/) - Embed surveys anywhere on your website that comes up from the bottom right side of the screen.

## Static Hosting

- [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) - Free hosting from Github.
- [Pancake](https://pancake.io/) - Simple and easy to use. Works with git or Dropbox.
- [paperplane.io](https://www.paperplane.io/) - $9/month - Really simple static hosting with Github or Dropbox.
- [cloudcannon](http://cloudcannon.com/) - starting at $25/month - Allows you to create static sites that are editable by non-developers.
- [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) - starting at $7.5/month - Premium hosting service for static websites.
- [Firebase Hosting](https://www.firebase.com/hosting.html) - starting at $5/month - Rapid deployment and a fast CDN.
- [surge](https://surge.sh/) - Free hosting with your custom domain and it has a nice command line tool that works with grunt, gulp, and npm.
- [Forge](https://getforge.com/) - Static web hosting made simple, sync with github and publish to CDN and optimize your javascript, free for 1 site and starts at $10/month for custom domains.

### Hosting Tools

- [s3_website](https://github.com/laurilehmijoki/s3_website) - Manage an S3 website: sync, deliver via CloudFront, benefit from advanced S3 website features.

## E-Commerce

- [Ecwid](www.ecwid.com) - Embeddable shopping cart.
- [FoxyCart](http://www.foxycart.com/) - Add a shopping cart with basic html code.
- [SnipCart](https://snipcart.com/) - Include a few lines of code for a full online shop.

## Search

- [lunr.js](http://lunrjs.com/) - Simple full-text search in your browser.
- [Google Custom Search Engine](https://cse.google.com/cse/) - Search your site with a custom Google Search.

## Analytics

- [Google Analytics](http://www.google.com/analytics/) - Free website analytics.

## License

[![CC0](https://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Adam Harris](https://twitter.com/adamCoder) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
